this is my 1977 puffy breakaway that I
am rebuilding into a single speed it's
not going to be fixed here it's going to
be free will just a little too hilly
where I live for me to ride fixie any
rate this frame was orange and it had
like kind of like holographic stickers
on it and stripes that match the sea it
was what a rusted piece of crap that
someone dropped off over by my dad's
house my dad lives in a kind of shady
neighborhood so any rate so I cut off
the handlebars flip them I'm going to do
a reverse feed with my lines
my tires are definitely dry rotted the
front tire was actually an original the
back tire has been replaced but it's all
units dry rotted as well from sitting
outside and i'm going to replace the
bottom bracket cups unique thing about
this bicycle you can see that is it has
a disc brake a disc brake from 77 like i
had no idea that existed until i came
across this bike and those are actually
holes right there this is connected to
the love the same like with the same
kind of locking system as a as a
cassette or a single speed you know then
you use the same tool to get it off all
right and there is the caliper which
this arm pools and then there's the two
shoes inside of there clamps on the on
the disc
and this is a Shimano caliper in a
Shimano disc as well I'm going to take
the ring off and set I have gotten to
that yet and shine up the back round I
got the front one pretty clean I took a
guard in the rain off of this as well
that I mean the second ring it was
riveted so I had to drill those rivets
out and I cleaned up the bearings those
are the original bearings there hartford
USA which are pretty decent actually and
actually that's what's in my headset as
well it's done
decent gooseneck I don't mind it pretty
to latarian so I took this thing all the
way down to the metal and then primed it
it's all braced and I mean it has really
smooth nice welds if you can see it you
know because it's not welded it's
braised so but wicked smooth man so nice
it's kind of why I chose to rebuild this
I babe I like the geometry first of all
I mean you can see this bike looks like
it's built to go you know geometry is
not slack at all everything's forward
and just urging you on yeah so duh it's
got a old-school shimano tourney front
caliper here
and this is original to the bike as well
so obviously it's from 77 yeah so I'll
probably have this thing done in week or
two I'll put some more on